good evening everyone
good evening my name is John Hay Busch I
have the honor indeed it is an honor to
be the executive director of the Ronald
Reagan Presidential Foundation and I
just want to thank everyone here for
coming out this evening in honor of our
men and women who defend our freedom
around this world if you would please
stand and join me for the Pledge of
Allegiance I pledge allegiance to the
flag of the United States of America and
to the Republic for which it stands one
nation under God indivisible with
liberty and justice for all
thanks please be seated
first I want to say that my introduction
of an is going to be
uncharacteristically short and sweet
because rather than have her give formal
remarks and has kindly agreed which not
many people do to sit with me interview
style and take questions about her book
and a few related current events I think
most of you in the audience often find
the give-and-take of an interview more
interesting than prepared remarks so
that's what you'll be getting tonight I
also know that a number of you were able
to submit questions for Anne and I have
them right here so be sure I'll be sure
to ask several questions on your behalf
as well for the time being but I'd like
to note before Anne comes up is just how
remarkable she is no answer yeah I see
that for a number of reasons
but in this specific case what I want to
note is so remarkable in fact it will be
related to my first question to her is
how she's been able to write and get a
book published
that is so prescient and so relevant to
this upcoming this election cycle we're
in in the span of just a just a few
months see it is really quite a feat I'm
reminded of Babe Ruth and the story many
of you might be familiar with where in
1932 World Series between the Yankees
and the Cubs he went up to bat and he
pointed to the flagpole where he was
going to hit a home run and then he did
just that
like so many vans other books this one
is a home run and it is definitely worth
your time if you haven't pre-purchased
it before
here tonight there's still plenty of
time after this event for you to buy the
book and come through the line and say
hello to Anne and get your book signed I
can't guarantee you that her autograph
will be worth as much as Babe Ruth but
someday it might be this is Anne's
second appearance at the Reagan Library
we are really delighted to have her back
ladies and gentlemen if you'd please
join me in welcoming to the stage in the
Reagan Library a world-famous
commentator and New York Times
bestselling author and culture
okay and so I read the book I hope
everyone here does it's excellent but it
also it begs the question when did you
get the idea for the book it seems like
it must have been 20 years ago because
you're able to pull it all together and
get it published and we still have
another month before the election in it
it's just it's amazing you'd be able to
do that how'd you pull that off well
thank you I really appreciate that and
for those of you who haven't read it
this isn't your standard campaign book
there is a lot of new information that
you don't know it is it's a little
shorter than my usual books but it is
like most of my books there's a lot of
research in it after Mitt Romney lost I
was more depressed than I think Mitt
Romney was I really thought well that's
it Teddy Kennedy did it they they had a
plan to remake the country with the 1965
Immigration Act and congratulations you
did it it's over we can't win anymore
and then I didn't sort of slowly emerge
from that for various reasons but when I
wrote out of your America which thank
God and I'm not taking the Lord's name
in vain I mean that literally thank God
Donald Trump read adios America I
thought at that point
I thought at that point maybe there's a
10% chance of saving this country but
it's worth a 10% chance and that's why I
wrote the book and incidentally I
foot-post notes on various pages so that
you know other presidential candidates
wouldn't have to read the whole book but
just certain important passages I wanted
them to read I sent it to many of the
presidential candidates you ran this
year I sent it so many copies to the
Koch brothers that I am sure their
doorman and servants are totally with us
on immigration and then when Trump came
along this is it I from going from
thinking we had a 10% chance I don't say
what the polls say today I don't care
what the polls say today if if Trump is
polling at 30% that's more of a chance
than I thought this country had two
years ago so the moment he came along
and if you saw the recent New York Times
magazine piece on the Republican Party
and it was called something like you
know tension in the green room about how
the Republican Party and conservatives
and pundits all hate one another now and
and they they they had a few quotes for
me and one was when I when I sat down
with Trump it was after the debate in
which he he bragged about the size of
his penis which I thought inadvisable
so I was over at mar-a-lago I didn't
want to eat he said Oh skinny girls you
always claim you're so hungry and then
you sit down to eat and you don't eat
anything and I said no no I ate I only
want to talk I am the only person losing
money trying to put you in the White
House and you're gonna listen to me and
gave him various points like perhaps not
bragging about the size of his penis
but I realized I I mean I couldn't think
about writing another book
all I can think about was Donald Trump I
was just I was and I luckily they they
would ask me for advice and help and
through Cory mostly I mean they I think
they were doing great when it was just
the three of them just Trump Cory and
hope pics I think that was just fine
because I could get a message right
through and so I was obsessed with it
and I can't I can't say I really started
writing until I don't know if Cruz had
actually conceded or if Trump had just
won Indiana and Trump had effectively
won but certainly all I was doing from
the moment Trump announced was studying
Donald Trump yeah it seems to me
anything to correct me if I'm wrong but
maybe even addition to your
conversations with Donald Trump directly
and per you know it seems to me like he
almost had to have read your book the
audios in America to have given the
speech that he did in Phoenix and I
wondered you you gave really high kudos
to that August 31st speech and about
immigration and it seems as though he'd
basically read through your book and put
the notes together is that how closely
tied do you think it was well not so
much anymore he has a magnificent speech
writer a friend of mine Stephen Miller
who came from Jeff Sessions staff and I
think he has very good people around him
but what's what I've noticed about Trump
is I mean we know we know the you know
the downsides we knew that from day one
I love that they keep thinking that you
know we have something even more vulgar
he said well no we knew all of that what
I didn't know about Trump until what I
refer to as the Mexican rapists speech
that won my heart
was he he has amazingly good instincts I
trust him to do the right thing on
things that I I wouldn't even care if he
were going to do not do the right thing
on I mean as long as he's good on
immigration I really don't care about
anything else then we'll fight about
everything else and by the way this book
is dedicated to a Democrat friend of
mine
Mickey cows I don't know if any of you
follow him on Twitter accounts I was
very smart liberal but he is a liberal
but he used the exception that proves
the rule he's a liberal who loves
America and he is so solidly with us on
immigration I took him to a party this
summer when I was working on the book
and my friends have looked him up
beforehand and said you've brought a
liberal Democrat to this party and I
said yes yes but first we save America
then we'll argue about Obamacare right
now save America so I wouldn't even care
about Trump on some of these other
issues but I've been dying for someone
to say what he's saying on trade finally
we have someone who cares about
Americans more than transnational
bankers I thought my party what I refer
to as my old my ex Republican Party now
it's the new trumpian party I thought we
are
I always thought the Republican Party
was the party of the middle class ie
America that was the great achievement
of this country that we had this vast
huge prosperous middle class and now we
are moving in elect ibly you can you can
dispute the reasons but I think there's
little question that we are moving in
electively toward Brazil where we have a
very very wealthy upper crust the trans
NEX national bankers and oh boy their
maids are cheap and the rest of us will
be their servants their personal
trainers their flower arrangers their
maids unserviceable servants to be very
very wealthy but that isn't America we
do need to be producing things and
manufacturing things so I love him on
that I love that he is appealing
directly to African Americans saying
you've got nothing to lose the
Democratic Party has done nothing for
you they come and ask for your vote now
at the same time I love
that he isn't appealing to any other
groups qua groups african-americans as
those of you who read my book mug no I
think that's a special category they got
the short end of the stick in this
country for a few centuries but well
wait what do we owe someone who's just
run across the border what did we do to
Somalians no no you don't get
affirmative action over an American it's
crazy what's happening it's become just
an explicitly anti white movement that
isn't how Trump appeals to Hispanic
Somalis immigrants or non immigrants
he's appealing to all of them as
Americans as people who want jobs who
want their wages to go up and I love
that what he's done recently hitting
Hillary back and hitting her hard on on
Bill Clinton his instincts are so good
sometimes his grammar drives you crazy
the hot mic tapes are I'm gonna can't
see him Italy that surprised I say in
the book no one is voting for Trump
because they like his personality it's
not his character it's the issues it's
the issues he's the only one that would
talk about these things so I think he
doesn't really he doesn't really need me
tell me one last piece on immigration
I don't recall 3-4 days maybe a week
after he made the speech you were on
television after he had felt like a
little bit of backpedaling and you made
Stephen well this might be the shortest
book tour in the history of mankind
I wondered what's happened since then
was it more of a kind of a gray broad
brush stepping back and nothing specific
and you still trust him on the matter or
where do you think he where is he said I
really did it that even at the time I
still trusted him
I mean he's come under the most
astonishing relentless attacks and do
not imagine for one minute that this hot
mic tape has to do with anything other
than immigration they've got to stop him
this is all-out war
and he has been under these attacks
since June 16th 2015 it would have been
so easy for him to back down it would
have been so easy for him to soften his
position so many times before this and I
never really thought very much of him
until he I mean I didn't think one way
or another I don't really think about
Donald Trump but I grew up in
Connecticut so he was always in the
newspaper and if he would ask me right
up until June 15 2016 I would have said
he was a you know kind of a blowhard a
tacky boorish lout
if you impressed me and but once once he
announced I went back and I started
looking at interviews with him from 30
years ago from 20 years ago and the one
thing that is absolutely consistent with
Trump is he has always cared about
Americans he's always cared about the
working class and were an American
farmers that one story I tell in my book
and saying why are we sending all this
money to foreigners who hate us what
about the American farmer what about the
American worker that is so truck true
with him his heart is so true on that
that even when he makes mistakes I
really didn't believe it at the time I
now think these these softening was with
one thing it was totally great because
it helped promote my book it was the day
my book came out and I say on page one
or two yeah he could shoot someone on
Fifth Avenue the only thing he can't do
is is change on immigration so that of
course was being quoted back to me I
went on hardball I just read it just
come across the transom house I'm
walking out they are chris matthews
mentioned it to me and i said if that's
true this is gonna be the shortest book
tour ever day the book is out but at the
only time the media notices me these
days and what is when I have some slight
constructive criticism for Trump and
then suddenly Oh criticizing Trump I
told I met that kid that wonderful kid
who was beaten up by a mob
where was it but anyway he was because
he was wearing a trump hat you probably
saw the videos it's hideous
it was L something el cajon that's it
Thank You El Cajon
well I brunch with him last week
and I told him he could do this but I
can't and it's a great idea because he
wants to get on TV and I said they're
not putting any Trump supporters on TV
it's the debates are between Democrats
who hate Trump and never Trump
Republicans who hate but I said I have a
great idea now that you have a little
bit of publicity you know do some
interviews I can get you saw on some
radio you're gonna be totally Pro Trump
and then who knows they'll be hysterical
about something and then come out and
make a big statement I changed my mind
I'm against Trump
they will put you on insist that it be
live TV no pre tapes and scam the media
because that would be a good way to get
on TV
nobody's I don't I thought about doing
it myself but I'm pretty sure no one
would fall for it with me so he promoted
my book I think he probably he may have
been coming under pressure from some of
his advisors then I mean up until very
recently Rudy and perhaps they still are
Rudy Giuliani Chris Christie Sean
Hannity Roger Ailes all for open borders
so maybe they were pressuring oh you
have to go you have to soften your
position you have to peel to the
soccer-mom so maybe he thought okay
let's float a trial balloon and see how
the grassroots reacts let's do this I'll
do this for you guys well the grassroots
responded and they responded
thunderously and the other thing he
accomplished and I do think he's very he
has such savvy instincts as he did with
that press conference before the debate
Sunday night the media has been refusing
to cover his speeches live he's real
he's been giving magnificent speeches
and they will
covered them I'd watch them online and
then turn on TV and all I'd hear on TV
is oh it was awful it was dark it was
terrible your and trust us you don't
want to see this and he's from but he
tricked the entire media into covering
one of the most fabulous speeches I've
ever seen yeah everyone in the audience
has asked the person next to him this
question you've been asked it a hundred
times since I'm sure but how do you
think he did in this recent debate
absolutely magnificently well and I knew
he would I knew you would one thing to
remember about Trump is and this is
mostly from talking to people who've
done business with him in New York and
and I guess observing him just in the
past year but but people who know him
always say he's at his best when his
back is to the wall when he's when he
thinks he's losing that's when he comes
out fighting and it was I I knew it
would be a good debate and I think
Hillary would and maybe even the media
were thinking oops maybe we shouldn't
have made him so mad last week because
that moves bringing in Juanita Broderick
Kathleen Willey Kathy sharpener
and he didn't he didn't tell the press
what I wasn't watching TV maybe some of
you know what exactly happened I kind of
had TV on in the background but I wasn't
really watching I think it was out but
my understanding is he just sent out a
press release saying I will be making a
major statement two hours before the
debate so of course the press thinks
it's going to be about the hot mic tape
and you know maybe he's withdrawing so
the press comes and there he is at the
table with the victims of both bill and
Hillary Clinton I'm so glad he brought
up this Cathy Shelton I've been dying to
get that out there I knew it would play
exactly as it played Hillary has no
place to go for those of you who didn't
watch the debate probably none of you
and don't know about Cathy Shelton she
was the 12 year old girl who was
brutally raped brutally horribly raped
when she was 12 years old left in a coma
for five days left infertile from this
brutal rape and who was her lawyer
Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton are not
her lawyer sorry his lawyer the bravest
lawyer the child rapist lawyer and she
pulled some sleazy trick she accused
this twelve-year-old girl about
fantasizing with set about sex with
older man
she pulled a trick they had already cut
out the putt the DNA from the underwear
and then it did match Hillary's client
but they threw that away so she is a
lawyer demanded that the remaining part
of the underwear be tested this was a
long time ago back when DNA testing I
suspect it may not have even been DNA
everybody says it's DNA it was probably
blood because then we didn't really get
DNA testing until the late 80s they
threw away the underwear so it was a
trick it was a scam there's no there's
nothing to test now the rapists child
horrible child rapist got off of time
served two months for this rape that
left loves his twelve-year-old girl
infertile Hillary has heard on tape
laughing about it laughing about how he
passed a polygraph and and haha that
destroyed my faith in polygraphs and ha
ha ha well I saw last night on
on Cooper Anderson Anderson Cooper 360
just I just thought how are they going
to defend this they're going to do what
they always do liberals do not have a
sense for normal Americans and they
think it's a good argument to say it's a
lawyer's duty to defend her client she
has to do everything to get her a client
okay good luck with that good luck with
that with the American people and that's
what they were saying and I was just
watching it in heaven thinking this is
what I've been waiting for that was
great his debate performance was was
fantastic and you know it was fantastic
because the media's response was a not
to play cliffs of it be to announce the
real loser tonight was the American
people and to send out casting calls for
any lunatic who will come forward and
claim that once she was inappropriately
touched by Donald Trump that's coming
next and I I know he went forward in the
debate he gave his apology he did all
those things and and then immediately
10-20-30 important Republicans on the
House and Senate and governor side said
I'm out of here
I'm just wearing to what extent you've
commented or you've want to comment on
whether there is any bit of hypocrisy
here where you know it just seems to me
to be an important question yes yes
well the main hypocrisy and whenever I
talk about I'm trying to write my column
about this tonight it goes up tomorrow
night and I realize I'm having so much
trouble because I keep going to words
that would be considered locker room
talk when I think about the media it's
the media of these lying hypocritical
swine I mean I launched my career with
high crimes and misdemeanors over Bill
Clinton who was credibly accused of
raping a woman raping a woman and NBC
News held their investigative report
basically proving that it was true until
after the Senate had vote
on Clinton's impeachment they held that
for one year I had to listen to Oh
everybody doesn't let's move on
everybody doesn't must let's move on
with a genuine sexual predator and
rapist and of course there's Teddy
Kennedy who actually killed a girl
eleven years before he ran for president
killed a girl not not only did he never
apologize he ran as the conscience of
the Democratic Party Teddy Kennedy so I
think you know this this hot mic tape
we've we've hit the eleven year rule
that was applied to Teddy Kennedy just I
mean the way they flip back and forth
and then one thing is the only the only
sex scandals the media believes are the
ones that are false mattress girl Duke
Lacrosse the Rolling Stone UVA case Oh
suddenly you know these fainting
Victorian virgins and then and then we
have actual rapists actual rapists in
the Oval Office actual groper sexual
predator and the vilification of his
accusers from the beginning from the
beginning they then they will turn on a
dime and I will say when I walked into I
know you were talking about the
Republicans and I'll get back to them in
a moment but it's really the media I
hate the most
they really are such strong
when I I I found out about the hot mic
tape when I walked into Breitbart
offices on Friday and they told me about
it and said they weren't sure until they
saw my face fall and they thought it's
over because it is tough it's on tape
and so I was I was pretty depressed that
night and then I started watching TV and
oh my gosh the sanctimony the hypocrisy
I think this could end up this is anita
hill all over again and you can push you
can push Americans too far I think I
think the fake media scandals may have
gone on a little too far like the ones I
described mattress mattress girl at
Columbia UVA Duke Lacrosse how about
Ferguson and all the people I saw a
different sort of case but all the
people I saw lying for six months on TV
and then unfortunately it takes us six
months a year to get the truth to
destroy this policeman's life well
they're gonna try to do that same thing
with Donald Trump they are taking
casting calls for some loon to come
forward and accuse him and there are
only a few weeks until the election and
I think we just have to remind people of
Ferguson of matress girl of the Rolling
Stone I mean the Rolling Stone case with
my favorite figure in literature Haven
Monahan that was the invented boyfriend
of this this lunatic girl who falsely
accused accused the fraternity of rape
Haven Monahan it just it's like
something out of out of one of those
what are they call the bodice-ripping
you know potboilers Haven Monahan I make
reservations at restaurants with that in
there
Haven Monahan we just have to remind
Americans we have been through this
before we went through it with Ferguson
we actually went through it with a lot
of these the the alleged police racist
shootings cases we go through it with
the sex cases all the time the truth
won't come out until after the election
you just have to remind yourself how
much you hate the media this is a war
you have to ask yourself why why you
have the entire media and the entire
political class trying to stop this man
because he is going to save this country
for all of us and not just them
I mean I think that is the only way to
be pushing this issue now for people's
at the hatred of the media and as for
the Republicans who turned against Trump
maybe I'm wrong but they were all
already against Trump I haven't I I mean
some of them may have been finally
controlled into saying okay I endorse
them you know the same way Trump said he
supported the war in Iraq well I guess
but they were all either aggressive
never Trump errs or you know had slowly
signed on to it as far as I can tell I
mean I obviously I'm worried a lot is in
the balance but as far as I can know I
can't find anybody who was for Trump
who's now against him now we always
worry about the use eleum suggestible
independence people aren't paying that
much attention to politics they get this
browbeat and just non-stop from the
media and I think a lot of normal people
say okay okay if it means that much to
you I won't vote for them but I don't
know how many of those will come out to
vote one thing I feel confident of is
Trump voters are going to come out to
vote
and we still have some time to go we
still have one more debate
nobody likes Hillary if Trump gets 100
percent of his voters to vote and she
only gets 80% 90% maybe even he can he
can still win the other argument the
other point that the media seemed to
want to make a lot of out of the debate
beyond this the apology in the tape was
this their portrayal of this being an
unprecedented act for you know they put
him in the ranks of Stalin and Hitler
for him to be here saying that as
president he would ask the Justice
Department appoint a special prosecutor
what is tell me I mean that was just
stunning to me that we were making these
leaps and I just wondered what you
thought about play I've been taunting
liberal journalists on on Twitter over
that one they're there they're insane I
they suddenly adopt this hyper
literalism they do not get jokes I mean
to jump back to a few of my favorites I
was watching Trump live when he was
giving that press conference and said
hey in Russia if you're watching if if
you guys could get those 30,000 Hillary
tapes
I'm burst out laughing I'm standing
alone in my room packing and I burst out
laughing it was hilarious and suddenly
the first time a presidential candidate
has called on a foreign government and
it's the same thing I mean there were
the two statements in the debate one was
which again I laughed out loud at and so
did members of the audience when Hillary
said well I'm just glad you are not in
charge of the law in this country and he
said yeah because you'd be in jail
that's we have to instruct our
journalist brethren that's what's known
as a joke and then as for his serious
point if I'm president ugly and I loved
how he began about saying I didn't want
to say this but if I'm president I am
appointing a special prosecutor to look
into you now the hysteria you're totally
right people saying this is like a third
world dictatorship to to prosecute your
political opponent no morons he's not
going to prosecute her for running
against him that's what the third world
does he would prosecute her for
committing crimes but I mean the fact
that they can almost confuse you with
their Jabberwocky sometime I have to I'm
in this column of their hypocrisy this I
can't write as a because AI start
wanting to engage in locker room talk
and be yeah I mean it would go on it
would be half the length of this book
their hypocrisy but I have to work in
because I can't even watch TV I can't do
it usually I love to a hate watch TV but
it's it's getting to be too much even
for me and but I didn't see Lisa bloom
on TV I now apparently this is
considered whoa good one Lisa we're
using this too they are fact-checking
Trump saying he wasn't in a locker room
and I'm sorry I'm like a dog listening
to a high-pitched noise I just I can't
even follow and then there's another one
that I think some guns I haven't tweeted
about this yet and some conservatives
may be getting confused by this but this
question about they're insisting and
with earnest righteous anger that what
is he is describing is against the law
he is describing committing sexual
assaults and should he be prosecuted for
this well no he didn't say I did it by
the way he says if you are a star he
says you you know if you want to be
hyper literal what he's saying is girls
will do anything to sleep with a rich
man I don't know if you've heard that
before
it's a really original point so when
people like Jeff Sessions and other
people say he's not described sexual
assault they're right I want to know
what the question was is what Donald
Trump said on the tape describing a
sexual assault correct answer no is it a
sexual assault to grab a woman's locker
room word here which I'm so dime so sad
about I was trying to bring that word
back
not the way he used it in his locker
room talk though he was not standing in
a locker room but just to mean you know
a Wolf's I just think it's stronger than
was I thought I was just on the cusp of
bringing it back and now it's gone again
now it's gone but the sexual-assault
business no he's saying women will do
anything with a star okay so you you do
think he can still pull this out yes yes
we'll see we still have time but we're
gonna have to fight and I think if
anything that's at least energized some
of us because from what I can tell from
talking to people and again most of my
people are not undecided who would be
undecided I've always been curious about
these people but not to have a position
on the Supreme Court immigration should
we should we open up our borders should
we bring in more Muslim did not I know I
don't have an opinion I just can't
decide I just can't imagine who these
people are I can't imagine they're gonna
be rushing out to the polls but from the
emails and from talking to people the
Trump supporters are have just redoubled
themselves and their anger at the media
over this this is I feel the same way
this has happened twice before in my
lifetime and I hope I am describing the
same thing that I think could be
happening now the first time was with
Clarence Thomas and Anita Hill that was
right after Bork had had explained to
Americans who I think were not paying
attention we're probably undecided on
how important the Supreme Court is and
he wrote he wrote about what he's we
realized we had been fooled or not we
some some Americans realized they had
been fooled by the whole attack on Judge
Bork and the lies about him by Teddy
Kennedy and others and they realized oh
my gosh we've been had they demonized
this man so that they can well we didn't
realize push through transgendered
bathrooms and abortion on demand and so
when they pulled that nonsense with
Clarence Thomas our side woke up and was
angry and fought back it was the first
time we fought over a Supreme Court
nominee and the other time I saw this
happened was when they tried to steal
Florida in the 2000 election because
usually the rule is any close election
will be stolen by the Democrats ie Al
Franken and people Americans Republicans
realized Bush had won but this is close
enough they're going to steal it and we
weren't gonna let that happen and I
think if enough conservatives and
Republicans react at least the way I and
my friends are no you are not doing this
you are not pulling a Ferguson or or a
Duke Lacrosse case to defeat our
candidate you're not doing it this time
if our side reacts that way then yes he
can definitely win yeah you know I
there's no question you know you can
tell he steps into the auditorium he's
got 30,000 screaming people and you can
just imagine the energy that's
channeling through him and why he feels
like he can win it seems like in order
for him to win I you know something
called it the Nixon silent majority you
call whatever you want that there there
really does need to be an equal or
greater number of people that feel just
like those that are in the auditorium
but just don't heart there aren't there
but there
gonna go vote right right is your is
that your senses if there's there just
needs to be enough of those people to
overcome the size of Hillary's vote yes
I mean obviously Hillary will be
cheating there will be lots of
foreigners voting there will be lots of
dead people voting there will be we you
have to win big but part of the
intensity is not just being in the
stadium with them it's that that you go
when you talk to your neighbors and your
coworkers that it has that that
intensity can go out in concentric
circles I mean I know people who are
intensely passionately for Tron boo have
never been to a rally and they're really
fun if you haven't been to one but you
don't need to go to one but I think
those people are putting up signs
talking with their neighbors and and
that's where intensity really does make
a difference I was walking this was a
few months ago I was walking late at
night in New York with a friend how long
ago was this this may have been in like
December or January and I was walking
home from meeting some other friends
with another friend it's like 2:00 in
the morning and some the Upper East Side
some drunk guy walks by and yells out
and calls her go Trump and I said to me
to my friend now you walked around New
York City with me back when I was a
passionate MIT Romney supporter do you
remember that ever happening because I
do not if you were called tonight to
become the campaign manager for the last
28 days and take over you know and
that's possible
you know can you give me two or three
things that you'd say okay we were gonna
do this this this and this the main
thing is Trump wins on issues keep
talking about the issues that's why he
didn't do as well in the first debate he
did get I mean I on one hand I'm sort of
torn because on one hand I I disagree
with the general Republican philosophy
of I'm not going to dignify that with a
response no you do have to hit back but
I think Trump got too distracted by the
personal baggage they are trying to
destroy our movement with Trump's
personal baggage it was never about
Trump as a person he's got to remember
that looked he can say that's a law I
checked my webpage and he can have this
brilliant speechwriter typing up his
responses on the webpage as the debate
goes on or as anything goes on but don't
respond to the personal stuff other than
I mean there is going to be more crap
coming out you know there will be you
know there will be there you know there
will be so they are gonna have to and I
love his idea of going after Hillary for
defending the child rapist and Bill
Clinton for being a rapist not not just
to say you're worse but to say look at
the media that's the point the media are
trying to steal this election for
Hillary Clinton that's what the point is
but then go back to the issues issues
issues Muslim immigration the wall trade
she's for trans-pacific partnership she
is she called it the gold standard she
can try to get out of it she can try to
lie about it she wants endless wars I I
think Americans are tired of war I mean
I was the biggest Iraq war supporter
there was but that was before I realized
we lived in a country that would elect a
man like Barack Obama who would turn our
victory into a defeat and looking at
what happened there now and I'd still if
you sent me back to 2003 I would still
support the Iraq war but looking at what
the result is now I say to all of my
friends who were also Iraq war
supporters we were all for it back then
would you do it again now know
everything we were being accused of back
then being war monger
neoconservatives and we just want
constant war as the military-industrial
complex I thought they were out of their
minds now I see who they're talking
about half my allies really do want
permanent war none of neither I nor my
friends do and you know as I've pointed
out this is this is how the Bolsheviks
won Russians were tired of war we're
tired of war we've been fighting the
wall we're losing our best Americans can
we can we finally have a president who
cares more about our borders than
Ukraine's borders
thank you